source/documentation/index.md, before:


# UK Internal Market Scheme (UKIMS) Authorisation Checker API Roadmap
Last updated: May 8th 2024

## UKIMS
Learn here about key UKIMS Authorisation Checker API dates.


| Event                                              | Date(s)              |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
|UKIMS Authorisation Checker API (Go-Live)    | 30 September 2024          |


## What we’re working on now
The UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 is currently going through Alpha Assessment. Some of the existing features of the API might be enhanced, so you should review the UKIMS [Changelog](https://github.com/hmrc/ukim-auth-checker-api/wiki/UK-Internal-Market-Scheme-(UKIMS)-Authorisation-Checker-API-Changelog) on GitHub regularly.

## Updates

- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 Alpha Assesment in progress.
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API will not be ready for use in production until the UKIMS Checker API service goes live.

## Related documentation
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 reference guide [here](/api-documentation/docs/api/service/ukim-auth-checker-api/1.0).
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 service guide [here](/guides/ukim-auth-checker-api-service-guide/).

 **Note** It’s important to make sure that your customers are equipped to use the new API and have the proper registration details, such as Government Gateway credentials, and that you’ve prepared them to make transit declarations.

If you have any questions or any issues with completing the move to the new API, email [SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk](mailto:SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk)

Commit message:

Updated link to Changelog (#27)
* Updated link to Changelog

* Changed text to Passed Alpha Assessment

* Updated text passing Alpha Assessment

* Spelling mistake

source/documentation/index.md, after:


# UK Internal Market Scheme (UKIMS) Authorisation Checker API Roadmap
Last updated: May 8th 2024

## UKIMS
Learn here about key UKIMS Authorisation Checker API dates.


| Event                                              | Date(s)              |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
|UKIMS Authorisation Checker API (Go-Live)    | 30 September 2024          |


## What we’re working on now
The UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 recently passed Alpha Assessment. Some of the existing features of the API might be enhanced, so you should review the UKIMS [Changelog](https://github.com/hmrc/ukim-auth-checker-api/wiki/UK-Internal-Market-Scheme-(UKIMS)-Authorisation-Checker-API-Reference-Guide-Changelog) on GitHub regularly.

## Updates

- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 recently passed Alpha Assessment.
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API will not be ready for use in production until the UKIMS Checker API service goes live.

## Related documentation
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 reference guide [here](/api-documentation/docs/api/service/ukim-auth-checker-api/1.0).
- UKIMS Authorisation Checker API v1.0 service guide [here](/guides/ukim-auth-checker-api-service-guide/).

 **Note** It’s important to make sure that your customers are equipped to use the new API and have the proper registration details, such as Government Gateway credentials, and that you’ve prepared them to make transit declarations.

If you have any questions or any issues with completing the move to the new API, email [SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk](mailto:SDSTeam@hmrc.gov.uk)
